readme.md, before:

# Reactional Tutorial - Music Puzzler

![Alt text](MusicalPuzzler.jpg?raw=true "Title")

This project serves as a showcase and tutorial on how to easily retrofit musical gameplay into an existing game.

## Important information

> [!CAUTION]
> In order to play this game, you will need to download the Reactional Unity Plugin.
> You will also need to download a music bundle.
> These can be found on https://app.reactionalmusic.com 

Find the Demo Project field to the left and open the Reactional Demo Project. Click the project export button on the top right. Download and unzip the content into a folder, which you must then place in the StreamingAssets/Reactional folder in Unity.

The "section" of the project in question that is used is the "Music Game Stingers". If you want to create your own curated list of songs, make a new project, add the Theme "Music Game Stingers", and some tracks of your choosing.

## Gameplay

The game features falling bricks that you will need to rotate to fit into the existing game board. Creating a full line will clear said line.

### How to play

Move the blocks with the arrow keys. Rotate the block with up/down arrows. Instantly place a block by pressing space key.

## Musical Interactivity

The game has been embellished with several musical stingers based on the gameplay and user input.

- When a block is moved, a piano note will play.
- When a block is placed, a stinger will play.
- When a line is cleared, a different stinger will play.

These stingers all automatically adapt to the current tempo and chord of the current backing track being played.

Aside from this a lot of additional musical juice is added:

- Background colors pulse and change in beat.
- All movement is done on beat subdivisions.
- Camera zooms in and out on beat.
- Whenever a musical note is generated by the system, a particle is spawned.
- And many more!

Commit message:

updated readme with video link

readme.md, after:

# Reactional Tutorial - Music Puzzler

![Alt text](MusicalPuzzler.jpg?raw=true "Title")

This project serves as a showcase and tutorial on how to easily retrofit musical gameplay into an existing game. When making this project, more time was spent tweaking colors than making it musical.

[![Watch demo and tutorial video!](https://img.youtube.com/vi/nr8LT5RsRaU
/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nr8LT5RsRaU)


## Important information

> [!CAUTION]
> In order to play this game, you will need to download the Reactional Unity Plugin.
> You will also need to download a music bundle.
> These can be found on https://app.reactionalmusic.com 

### Download music asset bundle from the Reactional Demo Project
Find the Demo Project field to the left and open the Reactional Demo Project. Click the project export button on the top right. Download and unzip the content into a folder, which you must then place in the StreamingAssets/Reactional folder in Unity.

The "section" of the project in question that is used is the "Music Game Stingers". If you want to create your own curated list of songs, make a new project, add the Theme "Music Game Stingers", and some tracks of your choosing.

## Gameplay

The game features falling bricks that you will need to rotate to fit into the existing game board. Creating a full line will clear said line.

### How to play

Move the blocks with the arrow keys. Rotate the block with up/down arrows. Instantly place a block by pressing space key.

## Musical Interactivity

The game has been embellished with several musical stingers based on the gameplay and user input.

- When a block is moved, a piano note will play.
- When a block is placed, a stinger will play.
- When a line is cleared, a different stinger will play.

These stingers all automatically adapt to the current tempo and chord of the current backing track being played.

Aside from this a lot of additional musical juice is added:

- Background colors pulse and change in beat.
- All movement is done on beat subdivisions.
- Camera zooms in and out on beat.
- Whenever a musical note is generated by the system, a particle is spawned.
- And many more!
